Add corsPolicy OPTIONS info in docs. (#1861)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/04-70-changes-in-apirule-v2.md

Versions `v2` and `v2alpha1` do not apply these default values. If the **corsPolicy** field is empty, the CORS configuration is not applied. For more information, see [architecture decision record #752](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/752).

> **Required action**: To use default CORS values defined in the APIRule `v1beta1`, you must explicitly define them in the **corsPolicy** field. For preflight requests to work, your APIRule needs to distinctly list `"OPTIONS"` in a **rules.methods** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Required action**: To use default CORS values defined in the APIRule `v1beta1`, you must explicitly define them in the **corsPolicy** field. For preflight requests to work, your APIRule needs to explicitly allow the `"OPTIONS"` method in the **rules.methods** field.
```

> **Required action**: To use default CORS values defined in the APIRule `v1beta1`, you must explicitly define them in the **corsPolicy** field. For preflight requests to work, your APIRule needs to explicitly allow the `"OPTIONS"` method in the **rules.methods** field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Required action**: To use default CORS values defined in the APIRule `v1beta1`, you must explicitly define them in the **corsPolicy** field. For preflight requests to work, you must explicitly allow the `"OPTIONS"` method in the **rules.methods** field of your APIRule.
```
